So in this example in our washup capture we have a 1 3 6 1 2 and so forth and so on in the engineer's
toolkit which I've installed on the VM I've opened up the browser and notice one is Eissa.
So the idea is one three organization six is diod.
So 1 3 6 is ISO org P.O.D. one is Internet 2 is management.
So at this point at the moment we need to choose one which is mapped to map Mbutu is what we saw in
the RF CS.
So notice map too.
This is our FC 1 1 5 8 which has been obsoleted by RAFC 1 2 1 3 over here.
So management information bases for network management to.
So that's my T based system as an example.
But what we've got here is 31.
So scrolling down 31 is IDF map that we've got one for objects one for X table.
Another one for X entry one for face and then we've got a value of two.
So this is the textual name of the interface.
This might be a text name such as Elly's zero or a simple number such as one depending on the interface
naming some ticks of the device.
If we have a look at another 1 1 3 6 1 2.
So if we scroll up 1 3 6 1 to 1 so we can map to two interfaces to his I.F. table.
One is an entry to the description.
So this is the interface description information.
So the moral of the story is you can walk the map using the browser in this application to work out
what these ID values actually mean or refer to.
Fortunately for us NPM shows us in a nice graphical format so you get information about the device and
you also get information about the interfaces so in a nice easy to read format.